This directory contains the files required to work with the
IDL Programming Techniques book by David Fanning, published
by Fanning Software Consulting.

Description of Files:

   Files ending in "pro": IDL program files.
   Files ending in "dat": IDL data files.
   Files ending in "txt": Information-only text files.

Downloading the Data Files:

   It is NOT recommended that you download the data files, as
   these files are already in your IDL distribution. It is much
   easier to simply copy them from one location on your machine
   to another. Use the COPYDATA program file that is among the
   IDL program files that you can download here to do this. Here
   is an example procedure:

   1. Create a directory where you want the data files to be stored
      on your machine. For example:

      %mkdir /usr/local/rsi/idl50/coyote

   2. Download the copydata.pro program file to this directory.

   3. Enter IDL and change to this directory. For example:

      %IDL
      IDL> CD, '/usr/local/rsi/idl50/coyote'

   4. Run the COPYDATA program.

      IDL> COPYDATA

   5. If you have problems, please read pages 5-6 in the book. If
      you still have problems, contact Fanning Software Consulting
      via e-mail at problems@dfanning.com.

   If you absolutely have to copy the data files, they are stored as a 
   ZIP file named coyotedata.zip.

Downloading the IDL Program Files:

   You can either download the 53 IDL program files individually, as you
   need them, or all at once in compressed format. Individual files should
   be downloaded in ASCII mode. All compressed format files should be
   downloaded in BINARY mode. I recommend you download all the files at 
   once.

   coyotefiles.zip (100K)  ZIP file archive for Windows and UNIX computers
   coyotefiles.sea (102K)  Self-extracting archive for Macintosh computers
   coyotefiles.Z   (115K)  Compressed UNIX tar file.

Problems with the Files:

   If you have any problems with the files, or if--heaven forbid--you find
   bugs in them, please contact me immediately. 

   Phone:  970-221-0438
   Fax:    970-221-4762
   E-Mail: problems@dfanning.com